feat: introduce PreBlock (#17421)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/build/building-modules/17-preblock.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# PreBlocker

:::note Synopsis

> `PreBlocker` is optional method module developers can implement in their module. They will be triggered before [`BeginBlock`](../core/00-baseapp.md#beginblock).

Author: ```suggestion
`PreBlocker` is optional method module developers can implement in their module. They will be triggered before [`BeginBlock`](../../develop/advanced/00-baseapp.md#beginblock).
```
